chore: replace heptio/contour with project contour (#184)
heptiolabs/gangway: docs/README.md

A good starting point for yaml manifests for deploying to Kubernetes is in the [yaml](./yaml) directory.
This creates a namespace, configmap, deployment and service.
There is also an example ingress config that is set up to work with [Project Contour](https://github.com/projectcontour/contour), [JetStack cert-manager](https://github.com/jetstack/cert-manager) and [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/).

> See [Project Contour's Guide](https://projectcontour.io/guides/cert-manager/) for help in getting started with Contour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [this guide](https://projectcontour.io/guides/cert-manager/) for help getting started.
```
